The Fool: Experience is your best teacher
The Magician: Life is Magic... do you control yours?
The High Priestess: Stay away from worldly affairs
The Empress: The world bows before you, you bow to none
The Emperor: The world bows before you, you bow to none
The Hierophant: Follow the 4rc@n3 principles
The Lovers: I've never writ, nor no man never loved
The Chariot: You'll get to see your dream ride soon
Strength: You are strong enough
The Hermit: The World hurtles forward, yet you remain uncaught in its riptide
Wheel of Fortune: Your luck today depends on whether the first living thing you see is a plant or an animal
Justice: The Mills of God grind slow but fine
The Hanged Man: That's rough buddy
Death: Life's younger sibling brushed your shoulder just now, but you're fine- it was just lint
Temperance: The World needs more of it, and of you
The Devil: Get over here so I can prove that you exist
The Tower: Exchange places with the king
The Star: Like diamonds in the sky~
The Moon: You might find that your enthusiasm waxes and wanes, but that's alright
The Sun: You're the light of someone's life
Judgement: *judges you in Spanish*
The World: These hands could hold you but it'll never be enough~
Ace of Wands: You're a wizard, Harry
Two of Wands: Your sibling is pretty cool
Three of Wands: Try to avoid tournaments for the time being
Four of Wands: Find trouble and make it double
Five of Wands: Expecto Patronum!
Six of Wands: Draw your wand
Seven of Wands: If you see a noseless man with the complexion of crushed eggshells, RUN
Eight of Wands: I'm surprised you got this tbh... I'll let you in on a secret - Seven didn't actually eat Nine
Nine of Wands: Oh, the card you're looking for is 3 quarters to the right
Ten of Wands: Oh, the card you're looking for is a quarter to the left
Page of Wands: You're going to be called to the Head's Office - you shouldn't have messed with alchemy unsupervised
Knight of Wands: You just had to buy that giant chess set, didn't you?
Queen of Wands: With great power...
King of Wands: With great power...
Ace of Cups: If you ever see a trophy in the middle of a hedge maze...
Two of Cups: Bottoms up, friend!
Three of Cups: Two's company, three's better company!
Four of Cups: The more the merrier!
Five of Cups: Yeah, social distancing is important
Six of Cups: Now that's one too many
Seven of Cups: Two's company enough
Eight of Cups: Take a break
Nine of Cups: If three's a crowd...
Ten of Cups: Stop it now
Page of Cups: I don't think you should drive until you clear your head
Knight of Cups: Put that sword down right this instant
Queen of Cups: Don't offend anyone influential
King of Cups: Don't get on your gaurdians' bad side
Ace of Swords: Draw your sword
Two of Swords: En garde
Three of Swords: Allez!
Four of Swords: Parry!
Five of Swords: Learn enough to be dangerous
Six of Swords: Get yourself a teacher
Seven of Swords: Parlay!
Eight of Swords: Do something nice for a stranger
Nine of Swords: Be chivalrous
Ten of Swords: I'm not asking for much, just be nice
Page of Swords: The pen is mightier
Knight of Swords: Live by the code you're honour-bound to follow
Queen of Swords: Pledge alliance
King of Swords: Pledge alliance
Ace of Coins: You now have an iron nail
Two of Coins: Flip a coin
Three of Coins: For want of a nail...
Four of Coins: You now have a paperclip
Five of Coins: Sleep well, it is a blessing
Six of Coins: Roll a die
Seven of Coins: You're a lucky one
Eight of Coins: You're like a pineapple tree - i.e. you're a factual error
Nine of Coins: Accessory fruit (affectionate)
Ten of Coins: <insert cool fruit fact here>
Page of Coins: You're due for a promotion soon
Knight of Coins: Treat your subordinates
Queen of Coins: You're worth your weight in gold
King of Coins: You're worth your weight in gold
